the second lot came out for Simeon for
the tribe of the children of Simeon
according to their families and their
inheritance was within the inheritance
of the children of Judah they had in
their inheritance Beersheba Sheba Malay
de Pays our shul bailar ism l2 LOD
Bethel Parma Ziklag beth maachah Baath
Heiser Sousa Beth Libya and Shay rule 13
cities and their villages ein Ramon
ether and Asian four cities and their
villages and all the villages that were
all around these cities as far as bear
laughs beer Rhema of the south
this was the inheritance of the tribal
the children of Simeon according to
their families the inheritance of the
children of Simeon was included in the
share of the children of Judah for the
share of the children of Judah was too
much for them
therefore the children of Simeon had
their inheritance within the inheritance
of that people the third Lord came out
for the children of Zebulun according to
their families and the border of their
inheritance was as far as say read their
border went toward the west and to
Marilyn went to Dabish F and extended
along the brook that is east of Jack neo
then from ceded it went eastward toward
the sunrise along the border of gisla
'the table and went out toward dabber
bypassing Jaffar
and from there it passed along on the
east of gasps - toward F Kaizen and
extended to Rimon which borders on near
then the border went around it on the
north side of Hannover and it ended in
the valley of chief Burrell included
work at Earth mahalo Shimron Edler and
Bethlehem 12 cities with their villages
this was the inheritance of the children
of Zebulun according to their families
these cities with their villages the
fourth Lord came out to Ithaca for the
children of this occur according to
their families and their territory went
to Jezreel and included cassileth unum
half-frame Shayan and a hearth
rabbit-chi Sheehan Abbas Remus and
Gannon and Heder
and Beth passes and the border reached
to table shia-sama and Beth Shemesh
their border ended at the Jordan 16
cities with their villages this was the
inheritance of the tribe of the children
of Ithaca according to their families
the cities and their villages the fifth
lot came out for the tribe of the
children of Asha according to their
families and their territory included el
cthe ke liye beaten up chef Allah Moloch
Ahmad and Marshall it reached a Mount
Carmel westward along the brook shire
liveth it turned toward the sunrise -
Beth Dagon and it reached to Zebulon and
to the valley of chief through L then
northward beyond Beth emic and knee Isle
by passing cable which was on the Left
including Hebron rehab Hammond and
keener as far as greatest Seidel
and the border turned to Rhema and to
the fortified city of Tyre and the
border turned to Hosen and ended at the
sea by the region of Aksum also amma
effec and rehab were included 22 cities
with their villages
this was the inheritance of the tribe of
the children of asha according to their
families these cities with their
villages the 6th lot came out to the
children of Naphtali for the children of
Naphtali according to their families
their border began at healeth enclosing
the territory from the terebinth tree in
zion annum adam i niqab and jab neo as
far as alaikum it ended at the Jordan
from healeth the border extended
westward to as Nath table and went out
from there toward huk huk it had joined
Zebulon on the south side and Asha on
the west side and ended at Judah by the
Jorgy toward the sunrise and the
fortified cities are xe-dom' szura
hamath rakov kynareth Adama Rama Heiser
Kadesh Adria and Heiser ayran McDowell
harem Beth anethe and Beth Shemesh
19 cities were their villages this was
the inheritance of the tribe of the
children of Naphtali according to their
families the cities and their villages
the seventh floor came out for the tribe
of the children of dan according to
their families
and the territory of their inheritance
was Zora STL shemesh shell abon a jalan
jeff la Elin Timna air Kron el TECA
gibbehh fan
bailiff jihad Benny Barack death women
me jerkin and rockin with the region
near Joppa and the border of the
children of Dan went beyond these
because the children of Dan went up to
fight against lesion and took it and
they struck it with the edge of the
sword took possession of it and dwelt in
it they called leishan Dan after the
name of Dan their father this is the
inheritance of the tribe of the children
of Dan according to their families these
cities with their villages when they had
made an end of dividing the land as an
inheritance according to their borders
the children of Israel gave an
inheritance among them to Joshua the son
of nun according to the word of the Lord
they gave him the city which he asked
for Timnath sirrah
in the mountains of Ephraim and he built
the city and dwelt in it these were the
inheritances which Eleazar the priest
joshua the son of nun and the heads of
the fathers of the tribes of the
children of israel divided as an
inheritance by loft in Shiloh before the
Lord at the door of the tabernacle of
meeting so they made an end of dividing
the country